Description:
   Create an online hotel booking web app. HTML templates are attached(zip format) in this assignment. This is
   strongly recommended that you should only use these template files. Please read the important instructions at the bottom
   before you start development work.

Tasks:
1. Check Rooms Availability
   On Home page, there is a widget on the left side to check the rooms availability. This feature will be tested against
   the current date to next one to three days. For example, if current date is 16 Feb 2021, then
   Check In:  16 Feb 2021
   Check Out: 17 Feb 2021 or 18 Feb 2021 or 19 Feb 2021
   So rooms must be available for these days in your database. Please refer to index.html and availability.html files.
2. Room Booking
   Once the room is available, any visitor can book that particular room. On availability.html file, there will be a
   listing of all rooms available along with with button 'Book Now'. A new form will be opened once visitor clicks on
   'Book Now' button. Visitor will fill their details like first name, last name, email and phone etc. And click on
   'Continue to Check out' button. If room is booked successfully, then show message 'Thanks for your booking.'. Please
   refer to room-booking.html, availability.html and booking-success.html files.
3. Submit Testimonials
   Any visitor who booked the room, can submit the testimonial on this portal. Please refer to submit-testimonial.html
   file, where visitor can fill first name, last name and testimonial text and submit. After submission, redirect visitor
   to testimonials page, where their testimonial will be listed. Please refer to testimonials.html file.




IMPORTANT INSTRUCTIONS
1. Do not remove CSS class or id attribute and their values if they start with automation- prefix. But you can add another
class or id(if absent) if needed. Do not change any text message inside a tag, if it has id or class that starts with
automation-message- prefix.
2. Dockerize your application. But docker-compose.yml file is not required.
3. Your application should expose port 5001, eg http:\\localhost:5001
4. Use only provided HTML templates in the assignment. But you can add any images and stylesheets to make cosmetic changes.

Good Luck!!!

Download templates.zip below.
